Brother Harris, do you have a moment?
Sure, Fay. How can we help you?
Well, you probably heard by now.
David and I got engaged this past weekend.
We heard. Congratulations.
We're so happy for both of you.
Thanks so much. And since this is where I grew up,
it would mean a lot to us if we could get married
in this kingdom hall.
So we were hoping since you're the coordinator of the body
of elders, you'd be able to let us know
today if we can use the hall.
Then David and I can start working on our wedding
invitations.
Ask me to give you this letter making our official request.
Yes, this is a good letter.
This has all the information that we need.
I'm going to check with the other elders
and we're going to discuss it.
Then we'll get right back to you.
Oh, you mean you can't tell me right now?
I thought since you're the coordinator,
you'd have the authority to, you know.
I understand.
But there is a theoretical arrangement
that we all have to follow, even the elders.
And the arrangement is for the entire service committee
to discuss this, consider the matter thoroughly,
and before any approval is given.
So I don't have the authority to make a decision on my own.
Of course, that makes sense.
I understand.
But don't worry, Faith.
We're going to get on this as soon as possible.
Then you can move forward with your wedding plans.
Thank you so much, Brother Harris.
I really appreciate it.
You're welcome.